“Finally, I made it to the library again.” Flandre looked around wide-eyed at the library.
She took off running.
She ran down one row, grabbing book and after. “Hmm, that one looks good. And that one too.”
The camera cuts away and we see Flandre from a distance.
Patchouli steps in front of Flandre. She is running while holding a comically tall stack of books, that stretches beyond her head, to almost twice her height.
“What are you doing making a mess in my library!?”
“Oh, Patchy, I’m just borrowing some books. I’m tired of getting into stupid arguments and I’m trying to get smart.”
“Flan,” she stops, sighs, and looks at the stack of books. “I appreciate your enthusiasm, I really do, but you’re going about this all the wrong way.”
She looks back at the corridor between the shelves. We see that more books are scattered on the floor. “You’re making a mess. You want to check books out? Did you write their titles down? Did you even count them?”
“Oh, it’s OK. They won’t be leaving the mansion so they’ll be really easy to find.”
“Even still, things can still get lost in here. Besides, you’re being too obsessive. Why don’t you just say the most pressing thing on your mind? And then I can find the best one for your to read?’
“Oh, OK. But I definitely want to set all of these aside so I don’t forget them.”
“Sure. But Flan, you do know that reading books sometimes changes your perspective on what you want to read next. Chances are you won’t read most of those.”
“But I wanna try.”
“I like that attitude. Maybe you really are improving. Anyways, I’m sorry, but since you have a history of breaking things, I can’t let you take the original. I have a spell which can make copies of books.”
“So I can take them all with me after all!”
“No. It takes a lot of energy. Especially for long and complicated ones. And I can’t do it with rare ones at all.”
Flan set the stack of books on the floor.
Patchy walked over and began to pull them off one at a time. “Ooh, this one looks good.” It showed a picture of a silhouetted figure with a top hat and cloak, and red eyes peering at the viewer.
“Is it about spying and sneaky stuff?”
“Yes, exactly what you need to learn.”
“OK.”
She flipped through the pages before setting it down triumphantly, and a duplicate next to it. “That was easy.”
She sifted through most of the rest nonplussed. “Flan, you should skip on most of these for now.”
“OK.”
“But not that one!” She shrieked as Patchy grabbed the book with a picture of a black cat on it.
“You’re not ready for this!”
“But I want to read about the cat!”
“Flan, this is a book for witches on how to summon familiars (shiki). You don’t have the magical background for this!”
“Nuh uh, you’re just lying because you’re too lazy to copy it.”
“Flan, this book is extremely complicated. I can barely read it myself, let alone copy it.”
But Flan would have not of it. Her face quickly turned to a pout. She paced back and forth a couple of times before knocking the rest of the stack of books over. Then she made some movement with her hands. She was getting ready to conjure some danmaku.
“Uh, Flan, why would you do this? Don’t you understand I’m trying to help?”
:nextScene Library